docs: changelog and migration doc edits for consistency and style (#2004)
tendermint/starport: docs/migration/index.md

description: For chains that were scaffolded with Starport versions lower than v0.19.2, changes are required to use Starport v0.19.2. 
---

# Upgrading a blockchain to use Starport v0.19.2

Starport v0.19.2 comes with IBC v2.0.2. 

With Starport v0.19.2, the contents of the deprecated Starport Modules `tendermint/spm` repo are moved to the official Starport repo which introduces breaking changes.

To migrate your chain that was scaffolded with Starport versions lower than v0.19.2: 

> 1. Apply the changes that are introduced in PR [#1975](https://github.com/tendermint/starport/pull/1975/files) to your chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **IBC upgrade**: Apply the changes that are introduced in PR [#1975](https://github.com/tendermint/starport/pull/1975/files) to your chain.
```

> 2. Upgrade your chain's `go.mod` file to remove `tendermint/spm` and addn the v0.19.2 version of `tendermint/starport`.

Reviewer: Can we add same mapping ("old import path" -> "new import path") we have in the changelog for this bullet?

> 2. Upgrade your chain's `go.mod` file to remove `tendermint/spm` and addn the v0.19.2 version of `tendermint/starport`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Switch to** `tendermint/starport`: Change your chain's `go.mod` file to remove `tendermint/spm` and add the v0.19.2 version of `tendermint/starport`, then update your import paths like in below.
```

Reviewer: Can we add same mapping ("old import path" -> "new import path") we have in the changelog for this bullet?
